---
title: RIP Caltrop
subtitle: "Meanwhile - Nick: Why am i role playing a gay hobbit?"
---

looked for some false rocks and such then headed to the chapel to sleep for the night

They round up Llaska and Kilvin and head back in the morning.

They ask Kilvin to watch the cellar door in the alley while they try to get more information.  He heads back there as Gromag and Llaska get their story straight.  They pretend to be a couple as a pretext for entering the jewelry store, with Gromag as "the pitcher."  They are greeted by the shopkeeper, a late-teens boy named Kiwa, and inquire about "exclusive" jewelry and are shown a <a href="https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/{{ 'Ring of Water Walking' | downcase | split: ' ' | join: '-' }}">Ring of Water Walking</a> with a price tag of 1800 gp.  Caltrop and Gluteus enter while this is happening and start taking a look around.  Gluteus stays near the door, and Caltrop approaches the back counter near the gate in the counter.  Gromag maneuvers Kiwa over to the opposite corner, far from Caltrop, but with a good line of sight.  Gluteus starts to periodically flap his wings around a bit, *nearly* knocking things over but being careful to not actually cause any damage.  Gromag realizes that Kiwa can still see Caltrop, so he climbs up Llaska, leaps off the counter, and tackles him to the ground.  After slapping him just enough to sting, Gromag tries to play it off like a misread sexual situation, and helps a very confused and surprised Kiwa back to his feet.

Gromag slips into the back room during the commotion, and is greeted with a small jeweler's workshop.  It has a single long workbench with some jeweler's tools on it, a small desk and a drafting table, as well as some shelves with various small rough gems and spools of wire for making chains and settings.  In the center is a large area rug, which Caltrop tries to move to investigate underneath it.  Upon being grabbed, the rug springs to life, enveloping him and constricting painfully.  In his surprise, blind and restrained, Caltrop strikes out with both daggers, managing to rip to small holes in the rug before he falls unconscious.

After dusting off Kiwa and asking him a few more questions, the others start to feel like something is up.  Gromag easily incapacitates him, takes a small amount a small amount of money and a single glass sphere from him, and they start discussing what to do.  After they clear the shelves of anything that seems valuable, naturally.  Before they can decide what to do next, a woman walks in looking for a bracelet for her husband's birthday.  They manage to deceive her into thinking the shop has just been very busy and is cleared out, but that they can take a custom order for 5 sp.  They take the money and send her on her way, then fetch Kilvin from the alley, who locks the door after coming inside.

Gromag, Gluteus, Llaska, and Kilvin, carrying Kiwa, enter the back room to see the body of Caltrop lying still on the rug in the middle of the otherwise empty, undisturbed room.  Kilvin drops Kiwa and rushes to Caltrop's side, determining that he is dead.  They take the *Lightcraft Boots* from his feet, and position his body near the door to take when they leave.  Further investigation of the room points to something off about the rug, which animates as soon as they try to move it.  A short battle ensues, with the party making short work of the already-damaged rug.

Beneath the rug is a trap door with a small lock on it.  Llaska manages to pick the lock, granting them access to a ladder leading to the basement.  They ask Kilvin to go down first, and he tries to sneak down to scope it out first.  He quietly descends the ladder and then loudly starts to describe a larger workshop with some sort of dog lying in the corner.  At the sound of his voice, the dog awakens and begins barking as it rushes forward to attack him.  The dog is a medium-sized, ugly, two-headed, thing, which starts biting at Kilvin with both heads as he takes a step forward.

Gluteus fires his bow down through the door, taking the dog in the neck behind one head, and then descends the ladder to help.  The party makes their way downstairs, into a medium sized jewelry workshop meets arcane study meets laboratory.  There is a a work bench with some jeweler's tools on it, a large desk with paper scattered around it, bookshelves filled with books with arcane sigils on their covers and jars with various reagents in them.  At the base of the stairs from the alley entrance are two suits of armor, which shudder and animate as the commotion begins.

Another fight, this time with Kilvin taking, and then healing, some serious hits.  Gluteus makes short work of the dog, and Gromag shatters one of the suits of armor.  They all gang up on the final suit of armor, with Kilvin getting the last hit in, penetrating beneath the helm with his spear, and separating it from the rest of the suit.  It collapses to the ground in a heap.

They investigate the room and find some spell and crafting notes, many of which look similar to the ones they found in Wayra's lair at the temple outside of town.  They also find a <a href="https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/{{ 'Periapt of Health' | downcase | split: ' ' | join: '-' }}">Periapt of Health</a> amidst the scattered equipment and objects.
