---
title: Consequences
subtitle: Apparently "good" is a relative term.
---

Kask finds himself on a moderately busy street, the morning after another middle-of-the-night delivery was made to Pari's.  Hoping to catch a glimpse of the proprietor, he instead sees his estranged brother coming down the same street with a group of four: a halfling, a bird-person, a dwarf, and a familiar-looking human.  They clumsily scope out the shop, then start to talk about something, the halfling getting agitated and shouting at the human about "pitching."  The dwarf sits down behind a barrel in the alley, as the rest enter the store.  A few minutes later, through the window, he sees the halfling throw himself at the shopkeeper, and they disappear from view.  A passerby goes into the store, coming back out shortly after.  The halfling comes out to fetch the dwarf, who enters the shop, locking the door.  It's been an hour and nothing has happened, he's starting to get nervous, but isn't sure if he should enter and risk revealing himself.  Suddenly, the door flies open and the shopkeeper, a boy no more than 18 years old, bursts through the door and starts down the street in a halting run.

Kask watches him go and then rushes through the open door, locking it behind him, to find the main room empty of people and merchandise.  He goes through the door to the back room and is greeted by the tattered remains of a fine rug, and the body of his now-dead brother.  Hearing voices through a trap door in the center of the room, he peeks down and then quietly descends the ladder, and comes face-to-face with one of his contacts: Llaska.  There's some surprised and rushed discussion between them as Kask learns some of the details of his brother's death.

Suddenly, the sound of splintering wood reaches their ears, followed by the sound of footsteps.  A voice shouts "Who's in here?  Show yourselves!"

The party prepares a hasty ambush, just in case, and Kask heads upstairs wearing a jeweler's glass and impersonates an employee of the store.  A pair of guard captains, one male and one female, along with a contingent of eight other guards are there, with Kiwa lingering behind them.  Kask tries to explain that a robber broke in, beat Kiwa, killed Caltrop, and was finally subdued in the basement.  The female captain looks at Kiwa, who is still outside, and jerks her head toward Kask.  Kiwa nervously shakes his head.  Two of the guards start inspecting the front room, and the rest slowly follow Kask into the back where he tries to convince them to enter the basement.  The male captain descends the ladder after Kask, and Gluteus releases an arrow his direction, which goes wide.  He engages Gluteus, taking a blow to the back from Gromag as he pushes past, and strikes Gluteus once.  A short, chaotic, fight ensues.

Several guards loose arrows in Gromag's direction, none quite able to hit him.  Kilvin shouts "stop this nonsense!" and begins grappling with Gromag to try and stop him from hitting more guards.  Llaska runs to Gluteus' side, and tries to shove the guard captain away from him, but the captain is too strong, and doesn't budge.  Gluteus and Gromag try to play off their attacks like accidents, without much success, but the fighting ends as quickly as it started.

After hearing about, and then seeing, the Death Dog in the basement, the guards are also suspicious of whoever is operating this basement workshop.  They agree to let the party go, as long as they replace the merchandise in the store, and can work something out with Kiwa.  Gromag and Kilvin talk to Kiwa, Gromag eventually apologizes and Kilvin heals his wounds.  Kask explains to the captains that his brother was slain by whoever was hiding the entrance to the basement, and allow him to leave with his brother's body.

Kask immediately starts walking south, toward the outskirts of the Hanaska District, when they get into the street.  Llaska catches up to him and tries to explain that the K'anchay Order may be able to help his brother's soul find peace, and protect his body from the magic of necromancers.  Kask has some strong words about the "cult" that Llaska is in, but sees the wisdom of letting them proof his brothers body against undeath, and agrees to come with them back to the chapel.
